README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Test cases add and update readme

README.md, after:

## NeuStack Store

NeuStack Store is a demo e-commerce experience built with Next.js App Router, React server components, and Tailwind CSS. It simulates a storefront with an in-memory catalog, cart, checkout, analytics dashboard, and an nth-order discount system.

### Architecture & Flow

**Data Layer**: `src/lib/store/index.ts` is an in-memory service that seeds products, persists carts, orders, discount codes, and analytics. It’s exposed to API routes as a singleton so state survives hot reloads.

**API Routes**: Under `src/app/api/*`, REST endpoints manage the cart (`/cart` CRUD), checkout (`/checkout`), discount availability (`/discount`), and admin analytics/discount generation (`/admin/*`). All responses follow the shared `ApiResponse<T>` type.

**Client Experience**: App Router pages (`src/app`) consume React client components:

- `CartContext` hydrates the cart via cookies and exposes add/update/remove helpers to UI components.
- Product listing uses `ProductList`/`ProductCard` to fetch and display catalog data.
- Checkout flow lives in `/cart`, where `CartSummary` handles discount code entry and calls the API.
- `Admin` page renders analytics cards derived from the store’s aggregated stats.

**Styling & UI**: Tailwind + custom UI primitives (`src/components/ui/*`) plus Sonner toasts/lucide icons for feedback.

### Running Locally

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` for the storefront, `/cart` for the cart, and `/admin` for analytics.

### Tests

`npm test` (via Jest + Testing Library) exercises critical store and discount behaviors in `src/__tests__`.
